Hello everyone, today I am going to show you a fantastic AI use case for marketing professionals and business leaders out there. Today I'm going to show you a system that we have built on MindStudio that helps automate the process of posting online. Let's start with this post over here, which had been generated by AI with the assistance of a few simple prompts and instructions coming from the author myself. 
We can see that it is able to make external references, the formatting of the post is also nice and consistent in which there are spacings between the paragraphs, there are also emojis included as well as the hashtags that are relevant to the post and the cherry on top is that this system also generates an image that is representative of the post. Now in today's video I'm going to show you how you can automate your marketing activities all together, help you save hours and start building up a consistent social media presence on platforms like LinkedIn. Generating a LinkedIn post using AI is really simple with the system that we built, so it all starts with sending out a brief for AI. 
Today for the purpose of this demonstration I am going to be generating a short topic or a post about a guide on how business leaders can start utilizing AI for their very own business. So I've put the title slash topic over here, the desired tone is supposed to be inspirational and then the goal of the post is for thought leadership. Now at the very end of this post I want a soft plug to our services because we are obviously experts in AI and we want people who are viewing this post to reach out to us, so I'm also going to mention that in additional information slash notes over here.
So focus on practical steps and the prerequisites and the soft plug to blue precision technologies. Now that additional information will be key to telling AI exactly what we want to get out of this post. Now we have the option to attach an image in which the system will enhance it using AI to produce a more refined image, or if we leave it blank the system will create and generate their very own image based on the content of the post. 
So we're going to click next and now AI is thinking about a series of follow-up questions to ask us in order to get more context and information about the post. So over here we will have a series of questions where AI will interview us and ask us more targeted questions. So it says what industry verticals is blue precision technology is currently focusing on. 
I would say because we focus on all industries I'm just going to hit that column and say we focus on all industries so that it's not industry specific. We hit submit and based on that answer it would then ask the very next question. So it's saying what are the company sizes that we normally focus on. 
We focus on small to medium businesses so that would tailor the messaging to people of that size or companies of that size. The decision makers because in this case we are pitching it to business leaders so I am going to specify that it's C-level executives. Now what are the blue precision technologies called AI services and solutions. 
I would say AI solution development. So it's just asking these questions to gather more context around specifically the angle that we want to pitch this post. And also bear in mind the number of questions that it decides to ask is entirely dependent on AI itself. 
We can obviously set the maximum amount of questions that you can ask but depending on whether it has a clear enough brief or clear information to proceed it will keep asking questions until it arrives to that point. So continuing now with the questionnaire what areas do we specialize in. Let's just say none of them because we already answered it before this and as you can see the AI can trip up sometimes and ask the same questions and that is due to the nature of AI itself being unpredictable. 
So now it's going to generate the post, it's going to generate the image prom, feeding it into this module over here which it will then generate an image based on the text of the post. And finally we get a preview of the LinkedIn post itself. We can see that an image has been generated for this post in this preview and if we look through the text we can see everything is nicely formatted and it is exactly how we want it to be. 
Feel free to pause the video and have a look through it and to see the content that it has come up with. So we're going to click continue. It is now going to ask me if we're ready to publish it. 
If we click approve and publish that will go straight to LinkedIn and it will post it over there. However we also have the option to revise the post. So let's click revise and what we can do in this chat window over here is that we can give it feedback in this chat window over here and based on the feedback it will generate a new post based on the feedback that we've given it. 
So overall I'm quite happy with the content of the post, I just want slight tweaking to the call to action to make it a bit punchier at the end. So I'm going to say can you make the call to action punchier but not too salesy slash pushy. I am going to give that feedback to the AI and it's now refining the post.
So as you can see it's kept the main bulk of the text largely the same but over here it's tweaked the call to action just ever so slightly to get a more punchier call to action. Right I'm happy with all of it so I will click done. It will now regenerate the preview again I'll just look through it to make sure everything is in order. 
I'm going to click continue and now I'm going to approve and publish it. So now this gets posted straight into LinkedIn and now if we open LinkedIn again and go over to the profile we can see that this see it's just been posted and as you can see the formatting holds up and also the hashtags come through nicely with the image being posted over here. So there you go just in under five minutes we filled in a brief, we were interviewed by AI, we gave it more information on what we wanted from the post, it went ahead and generated a whole lot of things and what we then had the opportunity to do was to refine the final post based on some minor feedbacks to arrive at our final version over here. 
So for those of you who are wondering we have created this system on MindStudio which is a platform that allows you to build AI systems through no code or without any sort of programming in place. These workflows are represented by modules over here which follows a set of paths depending on how you've configured it. So as you can see earlier at the start of this app the system asked us for a brief in which we entered in the various fields what we want from the post and then the system gathers context by interviewing the author as you can see with the follow-up questions to get more context. 
Based on all the information it will then generate a post and that's being generated by AI and then following that it will generate an image prompt depending on the content of the post and then it will then feed it into a generate image module over here which generates the image based on the prompt. If you remember after that we saw a preview of the post including the image that has been generated and then we have this approval portion over here where we can decide whether or not to post it to LinkedIn or to revise the post until we are happy with it. Now in order to configure one of these modules to get it to do what you want to do all you need to do is give it simple instructions in the form of a language prompt so there is no need to code anything any logic into the system to get it to do what you want to do.
If we look at this example over here which is the generate post module we want this module to generate a text post based on the context that we have generated and from the brief that we have submitted so all we have to do is write a simple prompt so over here we can see write a LinkedIn post for Blue Precision Technologies and all we need to do is specify all the inputs from the brief and also the context that has been collected through the interview session. Here are all the variables that we just simply need to list down and then some instructions and guidelines on what to do with those information. As you can see it's just text there's no coding involved which means it's very accessible to non-technical people. 
Now a standout feature of MindStudio actually is that in addition to allowing you to use AI models to run your workflows we also have the flexibility to choose which AI model or which LLM powers these modules so take a look at this model settings over here we can see for the generate post module we have selected CLOD 4.6 Sonnet to perform this task but if we click into the model settings we can see a wide range of different LLMs that we can choose from so depending on your preference or your budget and speed along with the capabilities of the system itself we are able to choose not only choose the ones that are most suitable for us but we can also test different models out and inspect the outcome or the answer that it comes out with and select the ones that are most suitable for us. Now I know because CLOD is great for creative writing that is why I have chosen the latest CLOD model to perform this task. Now to find out more about which LLMs are best to do what I have linked an article down below for you to read so that you can have a general understanding on the different LLMs in the market and what they're being used for or what are they best used for. 
Now let me showcase the power of this feature we're going to go to the generate image module and previously we have selected Gemini 3 Pro image to perform the specific task but I am going to show you how we can change the model and see the difference in results that we get from it or would I say the difference in quality that we get depending on model that we choose. So for this test I am going to select a much cheaper model on purpose just to highlight the differences you get from different models. So I'm going to select this model over here which is 0.006 cents per image whereas the model we have selected is about 13 cents an image so an order of magnitude cheaper compared to the one that we've used. 
I'm going to select this and now I am going to configure mock data and what I'm currently doing is saving the data from the previous run so that we don't have to run the whole sequence again. Okay so now I've configured the mock data all the way to this point and I am just going to run this generate image module over here so run in debugger I'm going to hit run and now what's happening is that it's using the exact same image prompt that we fed into the model earlier and it's going to use the same image prompt to generate an image but this time with a different model altogether. So I believe it's done now so let's open the image and you can see a totally different image has been generated and I'm just going to put the first image here on the right hand corner over here so that you can inspect the difference between them. 
Ultimately there is not a lot of difference between these two images other than the fact that they are well completely different and that is because LLMs in general are predictive in nature so you can't recreate the same image even if you had used the same model but because the quality of the images are actually more or less the same this one here on the left is actually good enough for me so in the future I'm just going to select this model moving forward to save on cost. So now I'm going to go back to the main flow and you might think that I probably spent hours building this in MindStudio. As you can see every single module is filled with detailed instructions in order to execute our workflow. 
There is also a system prompt in here that gives it context on what our company do and the services that we offer. So you might think that a lot of time had been put into creating the system but what if I told you that I actually vibe coded this entire system in just 10 minutes? So another standout feature of MindStudio is that not only is it easy to configure these manually with its no code approach we can also generate an agent by clicking that and telling it what we want the agent to do and with a few simple steps and adjustments in prompting and confirmation it will build out the entire system in just 10 minutes. With that being said I think this is a good time to bring the video to an end. 
In the next video I am going to cover a step-by-step guide on how to build this very system using the agent builder so stay tuned for that one. The system that I've just demonstrated was executed entirely on MindStudio with integrations to LinkedIn for posting. There are also a wide range of other apps you can link this AI workflow to and one good example for that to enhance the overall process is Smartsheet.
Smartsheet is a work management tool that allow teams to collaborate effectively. A key feature relevant to our example today is the built-in approval workflow. Now in this context you can link this AI system to Smartsheet so that a manager can be looped in in the final approval process before it gets published onto LinkedIn. 
Start building your AI workflows now using MindStudio. You can use our referral code linked below. My name is Alvin from Blue Position Technologies. 
We are an AI expert and also a solution partner of MindStudio. If you need help adopting AI at scale for your business feel free to contact us. Thank you for watching and I'll catch you in the next one. 
Bye!