So, in the previous video, I showed you
how a Mind Studio AI workflow can help
automate the posting of LinkedIn content
so that you can save hours and
consistently build up a marketing
presence online. If you haven't seen
that video, I would highly recommend you
go and watch it first as we will be
making several references to that video
in this build today. To create a new AI
workflow in M Studio using the agent
builder, what you need to do is go over
to the bottom left corner. Select
generate agent. It will now bring you
into a chat window where you can prompt
it and tell it what you want it to do.
So let's go ahead and start building.
Now I have prepared the prompt ahead of
time and I'm going to put it in section
by section whilst going through them
with you. Now, first and foremost, the
most important thing that you have to
specify or tell this agent is to tell it
what you want it to do. So, I want an AI
agent that creates LinkedIn post. I am
then going to give it a series of steps
as a guidance as to how I want the
workflow to be carried out. So, over
here, I'm going to post some guidance.
Um, it all starts with an intake form,
which is um the brief that we went
through. Um and then a series of steps
that AI has to that the system has to
follow and I also mentioned that um
there is an approval workflow that's
needed in the process. If it's approved
then it postes it directly to LinkedIn
and if it's not then the user is able to
refine the post. So that is the rough
guidance as to how I want the structure
to to follow or the steps that I want it
to follow. Um, and then I'm going to add
some rules um almost towards the end um
saying to make sure that the text of the
post is formatted correctly because what
I found um on my previous tries is that
if I didn't specify that um the text
that will show up in the final LinkedIn
post would not be formatted correctly
and the spacings just wouldn't be
reflected in the post. So I made sure to
include that as well um so that the AI
accounts for it um when building the
system out. Now at the very end I'm
going to give it some more context um
which will guide the system prompt in in
in general. Um this is more information
about what we do as a company and it's
very crucial to provide this in this
context um because it will then allow
the AI to generate a post that is
representative of um the offerings that
we offer and also the things that we
specialize in. Right? So I'm going to
hit send. And now what AI is going to do
is that it's ingesting all of this
message in there. Um it's going to think
whether or not there are any ambiguity.
Um and if there are, it's going to ask
for clarification. Um but if there
aren't any ambiguities, then it will go
ahead and create a uh draft spec for
review. So as you can see, it's come up
with a few logic there earlier, but it
didn't particularly flag anything um
that required further clarification. So
it has skipped that step completely and
it's now on to um specking the draft of
the system itself. So let's give it a
moment to spec the system.
Okay. Okay, so it just spent the last
couple minutes generating u a proposal
for this agent and it's gone ahead to
ask us to review the proposal so that we
make sure everything is in order um
before giving it the green light to to
build the entire system. Um so at the
very start of the proposal um it has a
short description of what it does. Um
and it has also said what it will
include in the system prompt and over
here um which is the most detailed part
of the proposal is the suggested
workflow. So it tells us exactly how
it's going to build it from step one all
the way to the very end. Right. Um, and
it's also included the variables over
here for our reference. And now that we
have glanced through this, we are going
to give it the green light to build it.
Of course, with this window over here,
similar to when we were giving feedback
on the LinkedIn post, we can also um
provide um input or feedback in terms of
refining this um draft proposal. So, we
are free to type whatever over here um
if we see anything that requires
changes. But in this particular case,
we're happy with it and we're just going
to go ahead and build it. So I'm going
to click build. And now the agent goes
ahead and build the entire system based
on the review draft that we have just
saw earlier. It's going to take a few
minutes again. So I'm going to fast
forward this bit as well.
In just three minutes um it was able to
create the entire system without any
errors. So let's go ahead and open the
agent to inspect the work that it has
done.
Although the system did not run into any
error when it created this workflow over
here. Just at first glance I can see uh
an issue with this workflow already. Um
as you can see the flow follows um the
same path as the workflow that I've
presented to you earlier but there is
these two additional modules over here
which are a bit redundant. Um if we go
into it um you can see that it brings
the jump module essentially brings you
into um a subworkflow within this main
workflow and you can see it's not really
mapped correctly. It says it's invalid
workflow but there is main one.workflow
which represents this subworkflow over
here. And if we go inside, there is
actually nothing configured within it.
So this is likely an error um or mistake
that the agent had come up with whilst
building this. Um so we're going to go
ahead and fix this. So very simple,
we're just going to delete these two
redundant modules. Yes. And delete. Yes.
And we're going to connect these up
directly. So we have the generate image
module. And then if you remember we
generated a preview based on the image
and the post. Um and then it goes
through an approval gate over here. Um
and then upon accepting it it goes
straight to LinkedIn. Um but if on
rejection um it calls out this
checkpoint where if you remember there
was this window where we were able to
message um the system itself to refine
the final post. So now the last thing we
need to do really is just map um the
flow upon approval. So you can see here
um this module over here allows us to
chat with AI to refine the LinkedIn
post. Um and on approval of that we want
the refined post to be regenerated in
the preview for us to review and if
everything looks good then it goes
through the approval gate and we approve
it and then it goes back to the LinkedIn
um which will then automatically post
the final version on LinkedIn. Now as
you can see I think this is a brilliant
demonstration on how AI is not perfect
at the end of the day. It's based on
predictive models which means that the
output that you get um is not always
certain but what is certain about this
is that it's able to create a system
that is 95% there and all it took is for
us to look at the whole system make a
few tweaks and changes and then it is
working as intended. Now let's test that
this system is indeed performing as
intended. Uh by doing that we are going
to open the draft agent. We're going to
blitz through the entire process just to
have a sanity check that the system is
indeed working correctly. I'm going to
use the test values for this
questionnaire. Going to hit submit and
hopefully the system should ask me a
series of follow-up questions like
before. Um the number of questions that
it may ask will may be different from
before because the settings could have
been changed.
So now it's generating the post based on
our inputs. It's generating an image
prompt that reflects the post and then
it's going to generate an image um from
by using the prompt that it's just
generated. Now up to this point uh as
you can see the steps are almost
identical as before bar a few minor
differences in how the brief intake form
um was um formatted. So at this point it
is generating a preview for us to see
the post the draft post uh and the image
for us to review and this exactly the
same as before.
Now we can see the rendered preview over
here and whilst there are subtle changes
in perhaps the font or the color of the
preview itself compared to the first
model in which I demoed the
functionality of it remains largely the
same. Um, it starts with an image uh
that has been generated by the post and
also um the draft text for us to review.
So, I'm going to click continue.
And we also arrive at this checkpoint
like before. We could either refine it
or we can approve and publish it. I'm
going to refine it and see where that
takes me. Right now, I'm being brought
into this window over here. um exactly
the same as before where we have the
option to type our feedback in order to
refine this post further. Um but for the
purpose of this demonstration, I am not
going to do that. I'm just going to run
through with the workflow. Um continue.
And I am now going to approve and
publish the post.
Interestingly, we're now met with a new
agent checkpoint which wasn't here
before. um we are being prompted to
review the final post, select an account
and give it the final green light before
it gets published on LinkedIn. Now this
is a perfect um example to highlight the
quirk of AI itself because AI is
unpredictable in nature and it runs on
probability. You can see that we gave
the agent or in the agent builder the
exact same prompts to build this system
out. But how it arrived at the final
solution varies from builds to build.
But I just want to mention that although
the steps that it might have taken to
arrive at the end goal um would have
been different but the results or the
end goal would stay largely the same. So
I'm going to hit approve.
And now we're going to go back to
LinkedIn to check the post that has been
created.
As you can see now, the post came
through nicely um through LinkedIn and
you can see the formatting is perfect.
The hashtags are coming through and the
image is posted over here as well. Um so
yeah, exactly the same end results. The
system that I've just demonstrated was
executed entirely on Mind Studio with
integrations to LinkedIn for posting.
There are also a wide range of other
apps you can link this AI workflow to
and one good example for that to enhance
the overall process is Smart Sheet.
Smart Sheet is a work management tool
that allow teams to collaborate
effectively. A key feature relevant to
our example today is the built-in
approval workflow. Now in this context
you can link this AI system to Smart
Sheet so that a manager can be looped in
in the final approval process before it
gets published onto LinkedIn. Start
building your AI workflows now using
Mind Studio. You can use our referral
code linked below. My name is Elvin from
Blue Position Technologies. We are an AI
expert and also a solution partner of
Mind Studio. If you need help adopting
AI at scale for your business, feel free
to contact us. Thank you for watching
and I'll catch you in the next one. Bye.